access;/'ækses/;sự truy cập
application;/,æpli'keiʃn/;ứng dụng trên điện thoại di động, máy tính bảng
browser;/ˈbraʊzər/;trình duyệt
click;/klik/;nhấp chuột
computer;/kəm'pju:tə/;máy tính để bàn
connection;/kə'nekʃn/;kết nối
data;/'deitə/;dữ liệu
delete;/di'li:t/;xóa bỏ
download;/ˈdaʊnˌloʊd/;tải về, tải xuống
email;/i-meɪl/;thư điện tử
error;/'erə/;lỗi
file;/fail/;tập tin
folder;/'fouldə/;thư mục
hardware;/'hɑ:dweə/;phần cứng
internet;/ˈɪntərˌnɛt/;mạng internet
keyboard;/'ki:bɔ:d/;bàn phím máy tính
link;/liɳk/;đường dẫn
program;/program/;chương trình máy tính
software;/ˈsɔfˌtwɛr/;phần mềm
speaker;/'spi:kə/;loa
surf;/sə:f/;lướt web
system;/'sistim/;hệ thống
virus;/'vaiərəs/;vi rút
wireless;/'wai lis/;không dây